friends, hello
Ivan Ivanovich lek
terrier from the tables shorter we freaked out and and
decided to go search
Ukraine
see the ill-fated Bandera
Today they say a lot that
these are such evil people but no one really
knows who they are and they look like to us
it became interesting where they are not at all
is there anyway jokes-jokes we
really drove with Ivan Ivanich
granite itself
now our journey is already
it ends we are approaching
Kharkov
im a little bit
just want to say that we
have seen that you can continue
look
we met masses of people from the masses
visited different situations
and having a conversation
darik
them suits of self-defense
and police officers
and traffic police officers had a lot of situations
many of them are very interesting there is someone
highlight
is there
chide so to speak believe you will see
a lot of contrast is actually what
different areas of our country father
us 1
watch us watch soon
you will see our situation naturally with
our comments
each of them under
quickly
Tony finally, by the way, many homes are waiting
the second part of the story which
happened to the disabled so want
say at this stage
the case is not completed van
sledge watching
and
literally immediately after this announcement
not the second part is
narrowing down
see us
subscribe if you like Do
forget to like the likes
comment because it is also important
I am interested in your opinion
all the best for you until the new meetings